1) What are comments?
placing readable descriptions inside of a computer programs detailing what the code is doing

2) Demonstrate at least 2 ways to create a comment. One should be for multiple lines. 
'''              
 this is a comment 
 written in
 more than just one line
''' 
 # this is a comment     

3) If the name of a file is app.py what do we type in the command line to tell our computer to run it? 
python3 app.py 

4) Demonstrate how I can tell a Python program to display something in the command line.
python3

5) What can we use to save a value for later use in our code? Provide an example.
varibles save value for later use.
carname = "Volvo" 

6) What can I do to prevent certain files and directories from being tracked by git?
gitignore
7) What can be used in order to repeat some block of code? Provide 2 examples.
while loop, for loop

8) When saving a value for later use what type of operator do we use?
= assignment

9) What's the key difference between git revert and git reset?
git revert can be accessed again but git reset can not be accessed again 

10) What's the key difference between Python lists and tuples?
tuples value can't be changed 

11) What can I do to know where I am within my file system?
ls

12) Describe the anatomy of a Python dictionary and create one below.
Dictionaries are used to store data values in key:value pairs.

thisdict = {
   "name": "Ben",
   "age": "26",
   "race": "Black",
}   
print(thisdict)

13) What type of values can be in a Python dictionary?
any data type string, Int, boolean, and list 

14) What type of values can be in a Python list?
any data type string, Int, boolean, and list 

15) What data type are True and False?
boolean 

16) What language does your computer understand?
binary 0 and 1

17) What do we need in order for your computer to make use of programming languages?
Terminal 

18) At what index is your instructor's name located in this list? ["Ron", "Troy", "Martha"]
[1]

19) What does frontend / client side mean?
chrome (broswer)
javascript
css
htnl

20) What does backend / server side mean?
my code
translate
machine code

21) What are 3 way to create a Python string?
'kim'
"kim"
"""
kim
"""
22) What are 2 types of number data types in Python? Provide an example.
Integer 16
Float 2.8
23) Are we able to add two strings together? How?

24) What commands would you use to create the following file structure? (write every command line by line):
    
    Desktop
    -> projects
        -> instagram
            -> images
                -> profile_image.jpg
            -> app.py
        -> tiktok
            -> clips
            -> app.py
25) What is the path to profile_image.jpg?
26) What commands can I use to get from the clips directory to the images directory? (write every command line by line):
27) What method can I use to change this string from "troy" to "Troy"? 
28) What method can I use to change this string from "TROY" to "troy"?
29) How can I check to see if all of the characters in a string are numbers/digits?
30) How can I split a string into a list with each value in the list being a line of the string?
31) What are the Python comparison operators? List each and describe.
32) What are the Python logical operators? List each and describe.
33) How can we decide to run one piece of code versus another? Provide an example.
34) What can I do to work on my primary code, but not mess it up? Provide an example.
35) What do I do in order to make sure I have the latest code on my machine?
36) How can I accept user input into my Python code?
37) How can I see all of my git commits?
38) How can I add a value to a Python list?
39) How can I remove a value from a Python list?
40) How can I access a value in a Python dictionary?
41) How can I remove a value from a Python dictionary?
42) How can I change a value in a Python dictionary?
43) What is a pull request? Describe it in detail.
44) Why do we use services like Github?
45) How can I create a git branch?
46) How can I switch to another branch?
47) What happens if multiple engineers try to change the same area of a codebase from different points in time?
48) What are the 3 stages of of tracking our work with git?
49) What are the commands we'd use, in order, to move our changes through these stages?
50) Is spacing in my Python code important? Why?